hello in team send hello town that
such a good afternoon we are going to talk about
actor gonzalo valenzuela because he is now
hoses model sorry but if you
they say the male why and I do not know
temporary will not be the husband of demi moore
and Juanita viale the actor the protagonist
of botineras is now model posed so
this form for the new campaign of
erbol in a relaxed relaxed way
the photos were made by the recognized
photographer sun abbot and did it in front of
a good built cabin
especially in the study of
photographs of what happened with that or
martín barrantes then they fought was like this
before winning good good good for
know that in the world of fashion every
two or three seasons the image has to be
change it yes or yes of each of the
brands because just what they have
that propose are new trends
new styles and if they stay
eternalized with the same model the same
model talks about something repetitive in
that clothing line that's why sometimes when
for example they did not replace it
madonna in
in the month many said fairies what
they threw her out or threw her out every
two or three seasons the models and
they know it and he gonzalo valenzuela
is reaffirming a trend in the
Argentina and also in the world where
the actors the athletes the
singers are occupying this space
referential where the lines of brands
of clothing brands and accessories prefer
choose them
and so very rustic without electricity
where you live on romantic is for
to fantasize a little bit like that